Expose storageClass param (#2)
morningspace/cp4waiops-sandbox: docs/gitops-deploy-cp4waiops-demo.md

| argocd.allowLocalDeploy   | bool   | true               | Allow applications to be deployed on the same cluster where Argo CD runs.
| cp4waiops.enabled         | bool   | true               | Specify whether or not to install CP4WAIOps.
| cp4waiops.instanceName    | string | aiops-installation | The instance name of CP4WAIOps.
| cp4waiops.storageClass         | string   | rook-cephfs | The storage class that you want to use

> | cp4waiops.storageClassLargeBlock | string | rook-cephfs | The storage class Large Blockt hat you want to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| cp4waiops.storageClassLargeBlock | string | rook-cephfs | The storage class large block  that you want to use.
```

Author: Fixed
